All right welcome back my student.
So before you go to the next section I want to actually let you know that we can also find out about
relationships with thinker.
OK.
So just in case you want to find out if your relationship is working you can come to tinker and just
try it out pulao the object and find out if he has a relationship.
For example let's say we are trying to pulao the post tags or the photos or the even the user of the
pools or we want to go to a user and find out it's photos or it's rolls we can find that out.
All right all you have to do is go to a thinker and try it out.
So for example user we can find out they use as many posts if we have set up our relationship correctly
.
So let's find out real quick let's say it's good to think real quick and let's just say post that fun
the other user right.
So I'm going to find other user ID number one because that's the only user we have.
So let's type in the name space.
All right let's find the user would ID one.
Once we have the user which is you can see right here that when D.S. we can grab the user object and
say user Polsce enter.
Whoops.
All right so he can now find the user because he has not been set up.
So he's looking for the user id and post so if you go to the your polls table you can see that we come
into this now because we are trying now another relationship so he can now find the user.
And this is how you learn what each relationship is actually doing.
And so you can see this relationship is looking for user id impose a does not find it.
All right.
So that's that's what it does that's what his polls method does in the model.
He goes out there and tries to look for user ID and that's why you have to come to the model.
OK.
And the user actually and fine if you have a differing ID in the second parameter.
Remember Like I said because right now by the fall he's looking for user ID.
OK.
So now he doesn't have a pose for let's check to see if he has rules.
Let's see if we have that working.
So let's say user roles answer.
And he does have a role.
He has a roll of over of a minute.
OK as you can see right here.
All right.
Pretty cool stuff right.
So you can play around even with your relationships and you can pulao your relationship and update them
delete them do whatever you want with them.
Just as we do with routes I just wanted to give you this a little tip before you go onto the next section
.
All right we are going to be playing too much around anymore we think because we've got to focus on
finishing this course and building this awesome application that we're going to build here.
That is going to take you to further heights.
All right.
So anyway thank you so much for watching this.
And I'll see you in the next lecture